In the last video, our test that is looking for a 404 status error instead got a 400.
This is kind of unexpected.
If we go back into our actual request handler of show right now, there's absolutely nothing inside
of here that seems to imply that we should be getting a 400 status code.
So what could possibly be going on here?
Well, maybe we need to do a little bit of debugging.
Remember, all of our error handling stuff is being handled through that common module instead of common
module.
Let's open that up.
Let's find that CRC directory.
And inside there, let's find middleware as.
Inside a middle wears is the air handler.
So this right here is what is ultimately handling any error that occurs inside of one of our middle
wears.
So we've got some provision right here for handling customers.
We've also got this case right here in which we will handle any error.
That is not one of the custom errors we put together.
If something generally goes wrong with our application that is not caught by one of these customers,
then we're going to send back something with the status of 400.
And we're going to give a message of simply something went wrong.
Well, the fact that we get back a status of 400 seems kind of promising there.
Let's try to go back over to our test.
Let's console.log the response and see if we get back something that says something went wrong.
If we do, that means that somewhere inside of a request handler for show, the one we were just working
on, something inside of there is throwing a error.
That is not a custom error.
So it's an error that you and I didn't really predict would happen.
All right.
So I'm going to go back over to my show test file.
I will find the 404 status code test.
I'm going to grab the response.
We get back from the request.
And then I will do a console.log of response body.
So let's take a look at what actually gets sent back to us.
I'm going to save that.
Go back over.
And there we go.
Okay.
Well, still nothing good here.
Why are we not seeing the console.log?
All right.
A little bit of a gotcha here.
Remember, whenever we make the request at the very end, we are expecting to see a404.
That is an actual expectation in the way that expectations work is by throwing an error if that expectation
is not satisfied.
So in other words, this whole statement right here ends up with an error which causes us to exit the
overall error function.
So to actually get to that console.log, we have to remove the expectation.
Since we just removed the only thing that is trying to assert something about the response.
Well, now the test is probably going to pass, even though our code might not be actually getting a
status of 404 back.
So the test will pass now, but we will at least see the console.log.
I'm going to save the file, flip back over and now we see the console.
So it looks like we get back errors with a message of something went wrong.
So what does that mean?
Well, back inside of our air handler it means that something is throwing an air inside of our app but
is not being caught by this custom air.
Instead, it is going on to this handler, in this case right here where we send back that just very
general air message.
So at this point, the best way to debug this would probably be to somehow add in a console log right
here.
And take a look at that air.
But we can't do that very easily.
Why is that?
Remember, we're inside the air handler file.
The air handler is defined inside of our common module.
If we add in a console.log right here or change anything inside of our common module, we're going to
have to rebuild this thing.
We're going to have to set a new version on it and redeploy it to NPM and then inside of our ticket
service, install that updated version of this common module.
So that's kind of a long process to go through to just do a very quick console log.
So instead, let me show you a little trick.
I'm going to remove the console log right there.
And then going to go back over to my tickets directory.
So remember, anytime we install an NPM module, it gets added into the node modules folder.
So if we open up node modules, we will see all our different installed modules.
So what we can do and I really do not recommend you do this generally this is kind of like a I have
no idea what is going on.
I have to do some debugging without trying to change some dependency like common and have to redeploy
it and stuff like that.
So again, just to be really clear, this is something I really do not recommend you do normally, but
because we just want to add in one very small temporary console.log, we could go into our common module.
Here it is right here.
So mine is under SG tickets again.
That's my organization name.
We can take a look at the build directory inside there and find our.
Where is it?
Air handler JS File.
So this JS file right here, this is what is actually truly getting executed when we run our tests.
So we could potentially make a temporary, very small change to this file just to try to get a console.log
in our test environment for right now.
Again, I really don't recommend you do this normally because if you start to change stuff in your dependencies
directory, well, obviously these dependencies are going to get blown away all the time as you start
to say rebuild your image or do anything else.
But just to save ourselves the hassle of rebuilding the common module and all that stuff, we could
very temporarily make a very, very small change.
So inside of here we've got the air handler JS file.
So this is the built version of our typescript code.
So inside of here I could add in a console log and take a look at air.
Now I'm going to never close this file until I'm really sure that I have reverted that change after
I've completed my debugging.
Because again, we do not want to be making hard changes to our dependencies.
So I'm going to save this.
I'm going to go backward my terminal, and let's take a look at what gets console.log now.
So now we can see the actual error that occurred.
So it looks like the actual error that occurred was we were trying to cast something to an object ID
for value, whatever that is or the ID.
Well, what's really going on here, essentially, remember back inside of our actual test.
We were trying to make a request with this ID right here.
We were trying to fetch a ticket with that ID and then inside of our rent handler, we were taking that
ID and trying to execute a query with it.
So the era that we are seeing is saying, hey, that's not a valid ID, that is in no way some kind
of valid ID that MongoDB is going to understand.
And so we can even see in greater detail right now, argument passed in must be a single string of 12
bytes or a string of 24 hex characters.
So that's how we could figure out what is going on here.
All right.
Now that we have figured out what is going on, we are trying to run our test with some invalid ID.
I'm going to go back over to the error handler.
I'm going to remove that console.log and save the file again.
So again, changes like that to the node modules directory.
Very risky.
I do not normally recommend you do that.
I just want to show you that that is one possible way to solve the issue or to do a little bit of debugging
very quickly.
So now we have kind of a big question to answer here.
The air that we are seeing or the reason that we are getting a 400 is because of essentially that line
right there.
We're trying to take that ID.
That is definitely not a valid ID.
So the real question here, you know, there's kind of there's really two questions.
The first question is, how do we fix the test?
Well, the obvious thing is we need to put in a valid ID here.
That's how we fix the test.
Easy enough.
But the real question is we just got an error inside of our test suite and we had to do some kind of
nasty debugging to figure out what was going on.
So the real question here, the underlying question is, do we want to add in an additional custom error
or something like that to try to handle stuff like this going wrong?
Do we want to try to put in a try catch statement around it or something like that?
Or is there some other means of capturing this air?
Maybe we want to go back over to the common module and just make sure that if we get some air that we
don't recognize, we do some logging information about it so that we can further check our logs in the
future and understand, hey, some unknown air just occurred inside of our app.
Well, I'm going to argue and say that the best way to improve our code right now is going to be to
make an update to our air handler middleware back inside of Common.
We have added in some number of custom errors inside of our application.
And right now our kind of belief is that anything that goes wrong is going to be handled by one of these
custom errors.
Any time that we get down to this point right here, that really, truly means that something went wrong
inside of our application that we were not really predicting.
And so, to be honest with you, I personally as a developer, I would want to know what is going wrong
inside of my app that I wasn't expecting to happen.
So I think that maybe the best way to deal with this would be to add in.
A console ere back inside of our middleware inside of common and log out that air or something like
that.
Before making that change.
However, this is a long video, so let's take a quick pause right here and make that change in just
a moment.